---
title: Drupal
intro: A Content Management System is a platform that allows you to manage, edit and publish content in a consistently organized way without any special software or programming knowledge. While there are thousands of different content management systems that range in form, function and capability, Variant Studios specializes in website development using a CMS called Drupal. We have designed custom Drupal websites for small companies to large organizations throughout Fort Collins, Greeley and Denver, Colorado.
weight: 1
---

<article class="static-detail"><h3>Why you need a CMS</h3><div class="detail"><p>As the web progresses, keeping the content of your site updated and relevant becomes increasingly important. The freshness of your website content can directly impact its search engine placement and new content gives visitors a reason to return to your site.</p><p>If you currently own a stale, "static" website, you know that to add new pages or update existing pages within your site, you have to send the change request to your site developer and wait for them to complete the updates &mdash; which delays the release of new content. Depending on your website company, these updates may also be very costly.</p><p>For this reason, Content Management Systems (CMS) have become increasingly popular with individuals, organizations and businesses large and small.</p></div></article>

<article class="static-detail"><h3>Why Drupal</h3><div class="detail"><p>On the web today, there are literally thousands of different Content Management Systems, which vary in cost, widespread usage and functionality. The more popular of these Content Management Systems include Joomla, Drupal and WordPress.</p><p>After years of experience working with these different Content Management Systems, Variant Studios has chosen to specialize in site development using the Drupal CMS not only because of its incredible flexibility and security, but also because of its very active and generous community of developers.</p><p>We believe Drupal goes beyond simply being an Open Source Content Management System in that it has literally become a platform for rapid development and deployment of extremely powerful websites, and many companies would agree with us.</p></div></article>